Home  Contact Us  Registration  Frequently Asked Questions  Sponsorship  Coaches  Parents  Summer Camp  Game Schedules  Crossfire Calendar  Follow US Follow us on Facebook. "Like" our page!!   Treasure Valley SoccerTots Do you have little ones that want to play soccer? SoccerTots has classes at Brothers Park for your 2 and 3 year olds. Just click on their logo above or call them for more information. 866-9592   Donations Crossfire is a NON-PROFIT organization. Help Crossfire to keep our costs low for all soccer players. Please donate to our Soccer Club or become a Club Sponsor. Click here to donate. If you have any questions please send us an e-mail.   Spring 2015 Recreation Registration is now CLOSED! GO CROSSFIRE and INFERNO!!!! CONGRATULATIONS to our Player of the Week!!! Charley Hegstad Charley Hegstad is the U10 Inferno Girls team player of the week. Charley played a solid game in the first half as goaltender and followed that up playing excellent defense in the second half. She is learning how to shield the ball effectively to create time and space for her teammates to support her. Charley is a 4th grader at Central Canyon and has been playing soccer for 4 years now. Outside of soccer, Charley loves to dance, play with her dog, and spend time with her Family. For ages 14 and Up: Are you interested in becoming a Referee? Please contact our Referee Coordinator: Ed Adams Click Here for Air Quality Guidelines Check the current rating by going to the Daily Air Quality Report for the Treasure Valley.   COSC's Mission Canyon Optimist Soccer Club is established to provide the area's youth the opportunity to learn and enjoy the sport of soccer. Our recreational and competitive programs emphasize the health and welfare of our youth. We promote the development of soccer skills, understanding of the game, and the enjoyment that comes from playing the world's most popular sport--soccer.   2013-2014 Club Sponsors A HUGE THANK YOU TO OUR CLUB SPONSORS   CROSSFIRE CALENDAR   CROSSFIRE NEWS Referee OpportunitiesPosted February 28, 2013 If you are 14 years old or older and interested in becoming a Crossfire Referee please contact Ed Adams @ 697-6681 for information.   Copyright © 2001 - 2015 Canyon Optimist Soccer Club. All Rights Reserved. Site for Soccer Clubs © 2001 - 2015 Bonzi Technology, Inc.  