Youth Sports Programs | Rogers, AR - Official Website +myConnections: Engage your community - connect to news, events and information you care about.    View more information... Sign In Welcome to an Engaged Community There's a better way to personalize your website experience. With myConnection, the profile you create allows you to set up a unique starting point for the tasks and transactions that you want to complete in your time on this website. Use myConnection to gather the information that you most care about from across this website into one central location, giving you greater control over how you connect with your community. Sign In or Create an Account Top Users 1 Karen 9 points 2 disneymom 5 points 3 Stacey F. 5 points Facilities View your community’s facilities and features online with the new Facilities Module. View the new Facilities My Dashboard Personalize your online experience to stay up-to-date on news, events and other information. View My Dashboard Total Users 376 How Do I... Community Doing Business Your Government Home My Account Printer Friendly Email Page Contact Us RSS Site Map Translate Page Notifications Documents Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Delicious Stumble Upon Blogger LinkedIn Yahoo! Windows Live Facebook Twitter Search Home Community Rogers Activity Center Sports Programs Youth Sports Programs Youth Sports Programs The Rogers Activity Center offers a variety of sports programs for all ages. Our programs are open to ALL, we do not have boundary restrictions giving the youth in our community many opportunities to learn a new sport or focus on their favorite. Please check each activity for specific age,grade levels and dates and times!  Build skills, character and self esteem.  Stay active, make friends, and have fun!! Click on the pages to the left for more information on specific programs offered here at the RAC. Youth Sports Programs Programs : Basketball Football Lacrosse See our youth enrichment programs also! Soccer Softball Volleyball Volunteer to Coach Volunteer Coach Application Title Notify Me Youth Soccer Youth Softball Youth Football Youth Volleyball Youth Basketball Youth Tennis Youth Wrestling Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Photo Credits Tourism Notify Me® Employment EP /QuickLinks.aspx The City of  Rogers - 301 W. Chestnut - Rogers, AR 72756 - Ph: 479-621-1117 GOVERNMENT WEBSITES BY CIVICPLUS®