Tri-City Soccer > Home
 Register Login   Site Web Home Events Rules and Regulations U6 U8 U10 U12 U14 FAQ Contact Us Links Gotsoccer Five Cones Ball Control Mail-In Registration Form Refund Request Click here to get the refund request document. Scholarship request form Click to see the hardship scholarship request form. TCSA BY-Laws US Youth Soccer (USYSA) US Youth Soccer is the largest member of the United States Soccer Federation, the governing body for soccer in the United States. US Youth Soccer is a nationwide body of over 600,000 volunteers and administrators, and over 300,000 dedicated coaches, most of who also are volunteers. US Youth Soccer registers over 3,000,000 youth players between the ages of five and nineteen. US Youth Soccer is made up of 55 member State Associations; one in each state, and two in California, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Texas. Oklahoma Soccer Association (OSA) Since 1973, Oklahoma Soccer Association has worked to form teams, clubs, or leagues in communities throughout the state. OSA is a member of the United States Youth Soccer Association with over 3.5 million youth players nationwide and the United States Adult Soccer Association with thousands of adult players nationwide. Oklahoma is the national state association of the United States Soccer Federation - the national governing body for organized soccer in America and itself a member of Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) which is the governing body for soccer worldwide. Tri-City Soccer Assoc. TCSA PO Box 478 Newcastle, OK 73065 Mon-Fri 5pm-8pm Sat 8am-5pm Sun-Closed President-Chris Woodard 580-235-5315 tcsa.president2011@gmail.com Director of Coaches-Johnny Lozano tcsa.headcoach2011@gmail.com Registrar-Shelly Wiles shelly.wiles@gmail.com Referee Coordinator-Trevor McAlister racer.trevor@gmail.com Event Planner-Crystal Vasquez crysrey1@yahoo.com Open-Field Maintenance Supervisor Open-Treasurer Facebook   News Spring Soccer Registration - Monday, January 26, 2015 Hello Soccer Coaches, Parents and Players UPDATED---BELOW IS THE SPRING SOCCER SCHEDULE FOR ALL AGE DIVISIONS. PLEASE CLICK THE "read more" button to hyperlink to the schedule. If you are a coach please take a look at the rules and regulations for your age division on this website.Our spring season will start on March 28th and end on May 16th. Thank you to all the coaches who volunteered to coach this spring. read more ... Soccer Age Issues - Friday, August 01, 2014 Parents, coaches, and players should remember that each Fall our players age up into a new division.  Age divisions are set based on the player's age as of July 31st. Example: A player turns 6 on July 24th.  That player is considered U7 for the entire Fall and Spring seasons. Alternate example:  A player turns 6 on September 1st.  That player is considered U6 for the entire Fall and Spring seasons.  We have questions every Fall.  If you are not sure, just ask.  Lastly, on your registration form, you may request a player to play up an age division.  Keep in mind this is allowed at the discretion of the board.  Our divisions are broken up in two year increments already and the last thing we want is for a child to feel crushed by overwhelming competition.  Text/HTML FCSA Privacy Statement   |  Terms Of Use Copyright 2015 by MLewis IT Consulting