HOME HOME ACTIVITIES ABOUT CONTACT Spring 2015 Season | We have teams for youth ages 4-19. MAKE SURE THAT YOU SIGN UP TODAY!! Noble Soccer Club - updated 1-18-15 Upcoming events Spring 2015 Registration Period is Open. Registration deadline is February 2, 2015. Late Registration with late fee until February 9, 2015.  Season starts March 7, 2015. In Person Registrations: Saturday January 31, 2015 at the Noble Public Library. 10am-2pm   Online Registrations: We offer two soccer programs.  The first is a non-traveling, recreational program for younger players.  Practices are in Noble at the Hubbard Elementary School or the Noble Soccer Complex (1/4 mile west of Hwy 77 & Cemetery) and all games are played in Norman at the Gillis-Rother Complex on East Robinson. Teams are formed with same-aged youth from Noble and the surrounding communities and typically coached by a parent of a child on the team.  Here is a direct link to the U-5 through U-12 (non-traveling rec) program registration page. Click Here for Online Rec Team Sign Ups For older youth born between 8/1/95 and 7/31/02, we offer a traveling rec soccer program.  Traveling rec teams practice in Noble (usually at Hubbard) and play home games at the Noble Soccer Complex.  Away games are played against opponents from all over the OKC metro area and occasionally against teams from Lawton or Stillwater.  Teams are typically coached by more experienced or licensed soccer coaches.  Here is a direct link to this program's registration page. Click Here for Online Traveling Rec Team Sign Ups Field Clean Up Day  We will be needing help repairing and replacing nets, trimming grass and painting fields at Hubbard.  A date will be established soon and parents will be notified through the gotsoocer email system.  Please come out and help if you can.  Thank you to all of those who have donated time and energy to help the club continue to grow and improve. Volunteer Coaches The Club is always in need of willing, volunteer coaches for our youth soccer program.  To encourage increased participation, the Coaching Discount will continue to be $35.  All new and returning coaches are provided training and coaching materials as well as 100% reimbursement for completed coaching courses administered by the Oklahoma Soccer Association.  If you are interested in becoming a coach or would like more information about coaching, please contact our Coaching Coordinator, Matt Maxwell, at coachingcoordinator@noblesoccer.org. Copyright | Trac & Fields 2011