Home  About SSA Sandpoint Soccer Association  SSA Board  SSA Meetings   Sandpoint Strikers FC StrikersFC  News  Why Strikers?  Director of Coaching  Player of the Month  Policies and Procedures   Sandpoint Rec League Sandpoint Rec League  Festival Tournament  Policies and Procedures   Strikers Indoor Arena  Referees  Kick Start  TOPSoccer  Tournaments Pend Oreille Cup Pend Oreille Cup  POC Teams  POC Schedules/Results  POC Documents   Rec League Festival  Holiday Soccer Tournament Register  Holiday Tournament Schedule    Camps Strikers Soccer School  Pre-Season Camp   Forms  Store  Careers  Contact Us  SSA Supporters   Rec League and Kick Start Spring Season - Registration Open Registration NOW for Spring season Sandpoint Rec League and Kick Start. Sandpoint Rec League Registration Form Kick Start Registration Form   Strikers Soccer School 2015! Our annual June Summer Camp will be held June 15 - 19, at Farmin Field!  Registration forms will be available shortly.  Reserve the date and join us!   New Dropoff Location NEW DROPOFF LOCATION Sandpoint Soccer Association would like to announce Sandpoint Sports as the new dropoff location for paperwork, forms, and fees. Sandpoint Sports (476930 U.S. 95, Ponderay, ID 83852) replaces Meyer's SporTees which has moved downtown. Thank you to Sandpoint Sports for helping Sandpoint Soccer Association out!   USSF E License Coming to Sandpoint From Friday, February 27 to Sunday, March 1, Idaho Youth Soccer Association will host a USSF E License in Sandpoint. This course is open to all coaches in the region interested in taking the course. La Quinta in downtown Sandpoint has a special rate of $69 (typically $109) for coaches attending this event. Please call Sandpoint La Quinta at (208) 263-9581 and mention "Sandpoint Strikers FC" to reserve a room at our discounted rate. For Strikers coaches, the cost of this course will be covered by the club. For other coaches, the cost is $100 for IYSA coaches and $175 for non-IYSA coaches. There is some pre-course work to accomplish before the start of course so register now and get on the path to improving your coaching and help your players! Click here to register! Thanks and see you on the field!   Four Strikers Make Idaho ODP Squads for Regional Championships The Idaho Olympic Development Program has selected four Sandpoint Strikers players to represent the state in January at the Regional Championships. Fourteen Strikers players were invited to the State Pool and from those fourteen nine attended the tryout for the final rosters. Curtis Hauck and Tyler Moore (Strikers BU14) were selected to represent the boys 2001 age group while Jezza Hutto and Riley Walkington (Strikers GU14) were selected for the girls 2001 age group. Idaho Youth Soccer Director of Coaching Skyler Bell was full of praise for Strikers players: "The Strikers players who attended the tryout were all outstanding additions to Idaho ODP. The players invited to the ODP Championships are among the best players in Idaho and Eastern Washington, and a big kudos goes to the Strikers for being the key cog in their development." The honor comes as a recognition for all the hard work the players, families, coaches, and volunteers put in for Sandpoint Strikers and they deserve a big THANK YOU for their many efforts. Congratulations, Strikers!   THANK YOU to all the volunteers who helped put Striker Arena together!   IYSA Honors McLaughlin Strikers GU12 Coach Casey McLaughlin has been honored by Idaho Youth Soccer Association as the February Coach of the Month.   Players of the Month   Fields Striker Arena is OPEN! Fields may be closed at any time depending on field and weather conditions. Updated 11/28/14   Calendar   Copyright © 2001 - 2015 Sandpoint Soccer Association. All Rights Reserved. Youth soccer Website and Online soccer Registration Software © 2001 - 2015 Bonzi Technology, Inc.  