Jonesboro Adult Soccer Association - Home Menu Jonesboro Adult Soccer Association Home 2015 Spring Leagues 7 v 7 REC (Over 30)> REC Rosters REC Standings REC Schedule 7 v 7 COMP> COMP Rosters COMP Standings COMP Schedule Rules of Play FAQ Sponsorships Bylaws Board Members & Meetings Contact Us Welcome to the Jonesboro Adult Soccer ?A?ssociation Spring 2015 Rosters and Schedules have been posted under the 2015 Spring Leagues tab. Please note that the schedule MAY BE MODIFIED DURING THE SEASON, so please CHECK BACK EACH WEEK. Games will begin as soon as the fields are ready at Joe Mack Campbell Park. Keep watching this website, the facebook page, or twitter for updates. If you have not paid, do so ASAP! We have been told that the earliest possible date for Joe Mack Campbell Park will be March 21st. Games scheduled on Sunday, March 15th and Wednesday, March 18th will be postponed. With spring break the next week, we are looking at starting matches on Sunday, March 29th and Wednesday, April 1st.  Shin Guards and IDs are required for ALL games. Follow @JonesboroSoccer The Jonesboro Adult Soccer Association (JASA) targets fitness, sportsmanship, and healthy competition for all members.  Participation will benefit players of all skill levels.  Players in all leagues will improve their fitness, game knowledge, and skill level in all areas of the game. Although adult men and women have been competing in soccer leagues in Jonesboro for more than 10 years, the newly formed JASA is an independent, officially sanctioned Association through the Arkansas State Soccer Association.  All players are covered by the ASSA's primary and/or supplemental health insurance for game related injuries.  All players and teams in the JASA are officially registered with the State and are eligible to participate in other State sanctioned leagues,  tournaments, and events.    News & Updates: Rosters and Schedules have been posted. Waiting for weather to cooperate to start the season. Games have been pushed back to the week of Sunday, March 29th at the earliest. Keep checking back for more info.  Next Board Meeting: April 14, 2015 @ TBD Weather & Field Conditions: The city says that Joe Mack Campbell Park will not be ready until 3/21 at the earliest. Games will begin the week of Sunday, March 29th. Click for weather forecast Please Visit All of Our Wonderful Sponsors Oldham Law Firm, PLLC Click here to return to the main page. Photo used under Creative Commons from teamstickergiantVersion: Mobile | Web Created with Weebly Jonesboro Adult Soccer Association