Evan Dresel skip navigation Login Create an Account Sport Ngin Norman Youth Soccer Association Home Pride Club NYSA Soccer Shop TOPSOCCER NYSA Golf Classic Electric PRIDE 5K Referee Private Lessons Lost and Found Privacy Forms P.R.I.D.E.Club OSA Gotsport About Us Staff Don Rother Ryan Trudgian Geo Claros Anthony Yousey Jessica Knehans Tyler Hardage Graeme Abel Katie Abel Tatum Hodge Dustin Hooker Matt Worden Chad Wells Mike White Taylor Fain Zac Bice Evan Dresel Jeremy Hymel Mo Boreham Ade Okedjl Mauro Cichero Khalil Benalioulhaj Damon Solomon Sam Taylor FAQ Contact Mission Board Minutes Competitive Program Information Training Financial Staff Tryouts Teams Celtic 97 Celtic 97 Pride Celtic 98 Celtic 99 Celtic 99 Pride Celtic 00 Celtic 01 Celtic 01 Pride Celtic 01/02 Hoops Celtic 02 Celtic 02 Pride Celtic 03 Celtic 04 Fury 97 Fury 98 Fury 99 Fury 00 Fury 00 Pride Fury 01 Fury 02 Fury 02 Pride Fury 03 Fury 03 Pride NYSA SKILLS Recreational Program Information U4 Program U5 Program U6 Program U7 Program U8 Program U9 Program U10 Program U11 Program U12 Program Rules Coaching Help Coaches Contact Traveling Team Schedules Reschedule Policy Academy Program Information Training Coaches Jugglernauts PYDL Schedules NYSA SKILLS Adults Tournaments OSC Classic Cup Sooner SoccerFest Orange Leaf Invitationa Camps Striker/Keeper Competitive Academy Recreational College Prep Camp Pre HS Girls OBU Summer Camps Calendar Current Section About Us Staff Evan Dresel Related Pages Don Rother Ryan Trudgian Geo Claros Anthony Yousey Jessica Knehans Tyler Hardage Graeme Abel Katie Abel Tatum Hodge Dustin Hooker Matt Worden Chad Wells Mike White Taylor Fain Zac Bice Evan Dresel Jeremy Hymel Mo Boreham Ade Okedjl Mauro Cichero Khalil Benalioulhaj Damon Solomon Sam Taylor Evan Dresel Bio Evan Dresel Staff Coach Celtic 98, Celtic?00 Home: 405-519-2611 Email: edresel@macu.edu Bio:? Evan Dresel is in his?seventh season with the MACU soccer programs and?fourth season as co-head coach?of both the men's and women's soccer squads.? Last season, Dresel led the Men's Soccer Evangels to their best season since joining the NAIA, including their first ever appearance in the Sooner Athletic Conference Postseason Tournament that earned him the NCCAA Central Regional Co-Head Coach of the Year honor. ?He also helped the Lady Evangels advance to the SAC Tournament for the third straight season that featured a milestone victory over then No. 4-ranked and previously undefeated Oklahoma City University. ?It would be OCU's last loss until a setback in the second round of the NAIA National Tournament. ? In 2011, Dresel helped keep the Lady Evangels in the top half of the league with 12 victories and second consecutive berth in the SAC Tournament. ? Dresel was selected Sooner Athletic Conference Co-Head Coach of the Year after?helping the Lady Evangels win a school-record 16 matches along with their best ever finish of third in the Sooner Athletic Conference in the 2010 season.? Dresel also helped guide the men's soccer squad to their third straight NCCAA Central Regional?berth and an appearance in the regional semifinals with a?resounding 6-0 win over Southwestern Assemblies?of God in the quarterfinal round.? ? Dresel completed his playing career at Southern Nazarene University in 2006. While at SNU he was a 2006 first team All-Conference selection and part of the 2005 Final Four team at the NAIA National Tournament. Dresel holds his National C Coaching License and is the?competitive coach for NYSA Fury 98 and Fury 00 in Norman. ?He was the assistant soccer coach at his alma mater, Mustang High School from 2002 to 2005. He went on to coach the Mount Saint Mary's High School men's team in 2007 and in 2008 he coached both the men's and women's program. Also in 2008, Dresel, was an Olympic Development Program Assistant Coach. Dresel holds a bachelor's degree in Physical Education from Southern Nazarene University. Teams Celtic 98 Green ?2015 Norman Youth Soccer Association / Sport Ngin. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Help