Coaching Staff Chicagowind.net A+ R A- wide normal Register Login Skip to content chicagowind.net » Home » COACHING STAFF About Us News FIELDS FORMS HOMEsummary ABOUT US  Our History Mission Statement Elite Training Philosophy 3v3 Training Philosophy Concussion Information Chicago Wind to College Field Locations Forms COACHING STAFF  ELITE SCHEDULE  PROGRAMS  Indoor Soccer League Elite Training Programs 3V3 Tournaments 2015 Clinics / Camps TESTIMONIALS  CONTACTwith us Headlines Commited to Excellence is a major part of the CWSC Coaching Staff.   Coach Chris to advance his sports career through education.   Fall 2014, he has began his Do... Our History sets us apart from the rest and we want to thank our students for giving us the opportunity to be their guide during their soccer quests.   Coach Chris trai... Testimonials from current students are a great way to learn about why the Chicago Wind Soccer Club has been so successful for over 16 years.   The Coaching Staff has b...     Do you want to be a National 3v3 Champion in soccer? Now's your chance!   Click here to learn more      Elite Training Programs are available 12 months of the year for boys and girls.    The CWSC Coaching Staff has used this rigorous method of trainin... Watch Coach Christopher and Coach Mirko in a training video.   The Chicago Wind Soccer Club Coaching Staff demonstrate a very high technical abililty to juggle, shoot, c... Coaching Staff Coach Chris training at one of the top professional clubs in Croatia, HNK Rijeka.  For the past 16 years, the Elite Trainng Program has established itself as one of the best small group and one-on-one soccer training programs in the Chicagoland area.  Many of our students were able to reach their goals with our assistance.  We have many players currently playing on top youth club teams, high school programs, colleges or universities and train or play with professional club teams domestically and or abroad.  We take pride in maintaining excellence over the years along with your support.  We originally started the club to promote physical and health fitness to youths and young adults.  Over time, the club has provided much more to boys and girls as a place to learn soccer skills, develop new friendships, community outreach opportunities for families, and home to wonderful families and friends.   Mirko Spasojevic -  Resume   Christopher Loustaunau - Sports Director Doctoral Student Biography   Resume     Chicago Wind Soccer Club, PO Box 639, Libertyville, IL 60048 Phone: __phone__  Designed and Managed by Virtus Creative Group, Inc. HOME ABOUT US COACHING STAFF ELITE SCHEDULE PROGRAMS TESTIMONIALS CONTACT © Chicago Wind | All rights reserved. Username Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account Name: * Username: * Email: * Password: * Verify password: * * Field is required Register
