Staff Arizona United Soccer Club Main Navigation Home Page Home Page Administration Fields Staff Board of Directors Referees Contact Us Programs AYSL Academy Port of Subs League State League Registration Sponsors Teams Serving the youth soccer community for over 30 years Scroll down for more information and news about our programs.   Arizona United Soccer Club Has a professional staff of USSF Licensed coaches.  These highly trained coaches are experienced working with all levels of players and their development.  AUSC club philosophy is to teach the sport of soccer one player at a time. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page.  COACH  E-MAIL  PHONE  Staff Licenses and Credentials  Scott Arsenault __email__  __phone__  USSF License, NSCAA License, ICF Fitness License      Mark Wiedoff      USSF National "E" License, Cactus Shadows HS Soccer Coach  Tony Perez      NSCAA Regional License, Moon Valley HS Girls Varsity Coach  Bob Hossain __email__  __phone__  USSF National "D" License, Coach at Mountain Ridge HS JV soccer team  Jeff Penzone      USSF National "D" License, Northwest Christian Boys Varsity HS Coach  Corey Rosipko      AYSL Staff coach, USSF Youth Module 1 & 2  Seth Awuah      AYSL Staff Coach         Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page.                     Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page.     Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Javascript must be enabled to view the Photo Album on this page. Content copyright . ARIZONAUNITEDSC.COM. All rights reserved.
